Add Insights prerequisite (#3735)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_upgrading-prerequisites.adoc

* Plan for updating any scripts you use that contain {Project} API commands because some API commands differ between versions of {Project}.
ifdef::satellite[]
* Ensure that all {ProjectServer}s are on the same version.
ifeval::["{mode}" == "connected"]
* If you use Red{nbsp}Hat Insights, unregister the {ProjectServer} in Insights before upgrading to avoid duplicate entries.

> For more information, see https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_insights/1-latest/html-single/client_configuration_guide_for_red_hat_insights/index#proc-unregistering-system-insights_insights-cg-configuring-client[Unregistering your system with Red Hat Insights]. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see {RHDocsBaseURL}red_hat_insights/1-latest/html-single/client_configuration_guide_for_red_hat_insights/index#proc-unregistering-system-insights_insights-cg-configuring-client[Unregistering your system with Red Hat Insights]. 
```
